# 5-1-programming-and-js-prep
## Reflections
Through the reading I was able to get a better understanding of how JavaScript is executed in a web browser. One of the key points for me was execution environments and browser security. I learned each tab has its own seperate execution environment, which means that code in one tab is seperate or differnet from the code of another tab and can't directly affect the other. Which is also an important security measure. I was confused at first about the difference between interpreted and compiled languages, after reading though I learned that JavaScript is a lightweight interpreted language, this means the code is run from top to bottom and the results are immeditally returned, which is differnet compared to compiled languages which are changed before being run by a computer. I found it interesting to learn abou client-side JavaScript. Being able to update the display of a web page to show different things in different circumstances is nice because it allows developers to create interactive and engaging experiences for the users. It was cool to learn about the distinction between server-side and client-side code, and how they work together to generate content. Server-side and client-side code work together to generate content by dividing the workload between the server and the client's web browser. The server-side code is responsible for generating the initial content, while the client-side code updates the display of the web page/app in response to user interactions.
